Docs: Update documentation for query suites (#6583)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-cli/creating-codeql-query-suites.rst

   - queries: <path-to-subdirectory>
     from: <ql-pack-name>

- A ``qlpack`` instruction---tells CodeQL to resolve queries in the default suite of the
  named QL pack::

   - qlpack: <qlpack-name>

>   The default suite of a query pack includes all of the common and recommended queries
>   inside of that suite. Not all query packs have a default suite. Those that do not
>   define a default suite will resolve all of the queries in all of their subdirectories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The default suite of a query pack includes a recommended set of queries
  inside of that query pack. Not all query packs have a default suite. If the given query pack does not
  define a default suite, the `qlpack` instruction will resolve to all of the queries within the pack.
```

Examples
~~~~~~~~

To define a suite that selects all queries in the default suite of the
``codeql/cpp-queries`` QL pack, and then refines them to only include
security queries, use::

>    - queries: codeql/cpp-queries

Reviewer: Should this be `qlpack` rather than `queries`?

Author: Yes. My mistake.

Author: ```suggestion
To define a suite that selects all queries in the default suite of the
``codeql/cpp-queries`` QL pack, and then refines them to only include
security queries, use::

   - qlpack: codeql/cpp-queries
```
